Refactor README and Implementation (#16)
driusan/lmt: README.md

# Literate Markdown Tangle

[lmt](https://github.com/driusan/lmt) is a tool for extracting text from the
code blocks in markdown files.  It allows programmers to write in a [literate programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literate_programming) style using
markdown as the source language.

## Installing lmt

lmt is a self-contained Go program written using the LP paradigm. The source is committed alongside the markdown source of this repository for bootstrapping
purposes.

You require the [Go language](https://golang.org/) if you don't already have it.

To build the tool:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/driusan/lmt
cd lmt
go build
```

This will build the binary named `lmt` for your platform in the current
directory. You can use the `-o $path` argument to `go build` to build

> the binary in a different location. (ie `go build -o ~/bin/` to put the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the binary in a different location. (i.e. `go build -o ~/bin/` to put the
```

```

This allows us to stub in a macro reference whenever we want in our code,
and only later define them in whatever order best fits our prose. When there
are no more warnings, the `hello.cpp` file should build (assuming we didn't
include any syntax or other compiler errors.)

### Macro Content

The markup for the code block below starts with `​```cpp "body of main"`

```cpp "body of main"
std::cout << "Hello, werld!" << std::endl;
```

The double quotes around `body of main` mean that the code block will be
extracted into a macro of that name.  You can see where its value will be
injected into hello.cpp via `<<<body of main>>>`,
[above](#tangling-into-a-file).  Since there's no `+=` at the end of the block's
first line of markup, this code block overwrites any existing value the macro
might already have (but since it has no existing value, it's a wash).

`lmt` uses quotation marks to differentiate between macros and file
destinations. If a name is encased in quotes, it's a macro, if not, it's
a file.

We can later re-define a macro to overwrite it (`​```cpp "body of main"`,
again)

```cpp "body of main"
std::cout << "Hello, world!" << std::endl;
```

> `lmt` parse each file passed on the command line in order. The last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lmt` parses each file passed on the command line in order. The last
```
